Who are you?
Dare to break into my empty door
I am your father.
Today I will show you the power of the empty door.
Yes.
YES.
Your memory is mine now.
You are my dog.
look at you
I guess you've never seen a fist the size of a punching bag.
YES.
General.
Oh, my lord.
You can't hurt me.
It seems he had more than just his memories stolen.
Hypnotized.
She knows me.
Her name is Chu Min.
Nga Mi's palm was calculated by Bach Tam Lan
Sold blind box with me.
Facing the relatives of the king of Tran Nam
You almost...
Oh, I remember.
Remember, this will use magic on you later when faced with an empty door.
You just don't think.
Don't think about it.
Don't pretend anymore, pretend anymore, I'll let you taste the big fist of the punching bag.
No, no, no, I ask you.
Why do you steal the sparrow's door?
It was the elixir of life that our leader had stolen from the flat sparrow gate.
But we don't know how to make medicine.
had to both the person and the sect leader sneak here together.
What about the other person?
Preparing to make medicine to introduce medicine